Wen Hao
Wen Hao, can you hear me?
I am here.
I am in Wang Hao
Lin Xi Lin Xi
Is that you? Of course it's me.
How are you?
Are you injured?
No, that son of a bitch
How did it treat you?
Without me, I got a little skin trauma
Mimi, how are you?
Safe for you
Don't worry.
Fortunately, there is
I don't see much context.
He was blindfolded.
But I saw someone.
I heard Chu Mingnu call him k yeah
It should be the KK that Chu Yunhua has been contacting.
Yes, we observed travel.
It's hidden here
No wonder we can't find a location when we leave the country in Chu Mingli
and
We found out that this was not just a scam site
It's a human trafficking den.
We have already collected the information
Sent to the police
I believe they can be brought to justice
By the way, are my parents still safe?
I'm worried about Chu Minghua's safety
Don't worry, it's not stupid.
Chu Minghua is alone in the territory
Can't make any waves
That's fine, don't be afraid together.
I will definitely rescue you